Online movie ticket booking site is where people can book movie tickets according to a specific schedule. So for people to get the information, they need a website where they can know about the number of tickets and types of tickets available. The modern days have seen the Internet expand rapidly in the areas of business. So, having an online interface is very crucial in order to expand the business.

It’s an obvious possibility that one can buy tickets at the theater counter itself. But all the excitement and energy to watch the movie vanishes when one needs to spend hours by standing in lengthy queues at the counter. Hence, Online Ticket Booking will come handy for the people who cannot afford enough time to get their tickets by standing in the queues.

There are two roles of user,an admin and a customer. If the customer is new to the website, user has to register and can login otherwise. After successful login, the Customer can search for the desired movie and book the ticket with desired quantity. Also, the customer can view the available tickets, check the booking history and also update the profile and change the password whenever needed. In case the customer forgets the password, on entering the mail, the user can enter the registered email and the password is displayed. After booking the tickets, the user can enter the card details and and pay the money for the tickets.

The other role is admin. The admin can add new movies to the list, delete old ones, update the movie information, add theater information related to the movie,etc. The admin can also update his details change his password if required.
